You sit on a throne of lies.
You're a cotton headed ninny muggins.
Your mother was a hampster and you father smelt of elderberries.
You don’t have the will, the cunning, or the intelligence to be a true pirate!
You are the lousiest, most disgraceful excuse for a knight I’ve ever met!
You're the kind of person who'd steal the pennies off a dead man's eyes!
You have no soul. You are a heartless, soulless, man-child!
You're a big, fat, dummy.
You are a giant, hairy, ignorant, and useless turd!
You’re like a mountain that’s made of dumbness, covered in stupid!
I’m not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
You have the face for radio. 
I'd agree with you but then we'd both be wrong. 
I can’t even look at you right now. You look like a marshmallow that’s been overcooked.
You are proof that even the simplest of things can go horribly wrong.
I’m not saying you’re stupid, but you have the same IQ as a box of rocks.
You’re like a software update. Whenever I see you, I think, Not now.
You’re the human equivalent of a participation trophy.
You’re the human equivalent of gas station sushi.
You’re like a broken pencil. Pointless.
You have the personality of a dial-up connection.
You couldn’t hit water if you fell out of a boat.
You couldn’t even organize a one-person parade.
You're a walking disaster.
You’ve got the personality of a brick wall.
You are a constant reminder of why the phrase 'natural selection' exists.
You're like a slinky—fun to push down the stairs, but not useful for anything else.
You couldn't even scare a goldfish.
You're like a bad Wi-Fi connection—everyone knows you're there, but no one can count on you.
You're the human equivalent of a participation trophy.
You're not a complete idiot; some parts are missing.
You’re a few fries short of a Happy Meal.
Your brain is like a browser with 100 tabs open, but none of them are relevant.
You're about as useful as a screen door on a spaceship.
You’re like a potato, but without the vitamins.
You’re the reason they put directions on shampoo bottles.
You're not stupid, you're just a few bananas short of a bunch.
You must be the black sheep in your family… and that’s saying something.
You’re like a flat tire—completely useless until someone fixes you.
Your mind is on vacation, but your mouth is still working overtime.
You’re like the appendix—nobody’s quite sure what you do, but we’re all pretty sure we could do without you.
You’re the human equivalent of a captcha test.
If you had a penny for every time you’ve been wrong, you’d still be broke.
You're as much use as a chocolate teapot.
You have the grace of a rhino on roller skates.
You are a black hole of charisma.
You're like a kid trying to solve a Rubik’s Cube—confused, frustrated, and lost.
You’ve got the backbone of a jellyfish.
Your jokes are like Wi-Fi: bad, slow, and nobody wants them.
